doc(setting): add methods to check if a setting is applied. (#944)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/references/settings.md

Settings are synchronized hourly. When all volumes are detached, the settings in the following table are immediately applied and the system-managed components (for example, Instance Manager, CSI Driver, and engine images) are restarted.

> If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synchronized, the settings are not applied and you must reconfigure the same settings after detaching the remaining volumes. You can view the list of unapplied settings in the **Danger Zone** section of the Longhorn UI or use the CLI command to check the field `APPLIED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synchronized, the settings are not applied and you must reconfigure the same settings after detaching the remaining volumes. You can view the list of unapplied settings in the **Danger Zone** section of the Longhorn UI, or run the following CLI command to check the value of the field `APPLIED`.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks
